The opening ceremony of
the 2018 Idol Star Athletics...
Championships - New Year Special for
track and field, bowling, archery,
rhythmic gymnastics, and aerobics
will start in a moment.
(Enthusiastic)
(Cheering)
The special performers of
the opening ceremony will enter.
(A dog mask?)
(They're on a dog palanquin because
it's the year of the golden dog.)
Hello.
(Hello, I'm Park Myeong Soo.)
(Surprised)
Nice to meet you.
(His entrance is
a little embarrassing.)
I'm so excited.
(The atmosphere is already heated.)
Hello, idol singers.
Happy New Year.
Nice to meet you.
(Enjoying)
(Surprised)
Hello, everyone.
(DJ G.Park and DJ Charles are in
charge of the opening ceremony.)
It's 2018, the new year.
I hope everyone will have
a happy new year.
I hope the best
for every singer here.
Make some noise!
(Oh, my.)
- Put your hands in the air.
Let's have a good time.
Put your hands in the air.
1, 2, 3, 4.
3, 2, 1.
(An EDM party at the Idol Star
Athletics Championships club)
(Everyone is enjoying the Idol Star
Athletics Championships.)
(Jumping)
(The idol athletes are having
a proper warm-up.)
- The Athletics Championships.
- Put your hands up.
(Make some noise.)
- That's right.
(In the midst
of the cheerful party,)
(let us introduce the events of the
Idol Star Athletics Championships.)
(Bowling is newly introduced
in 2018.)
(It's a battle of pride among idol
singers who are good at bowling.)
(Cheng Xiao will present a more
splendid performance this year.)
(ASTRO will perform to defend
their throne.)
(Rookies will participate in the
centerpiece event, track and field.)
(Archery is compelling
from beginning to end.)
(There is more to see this year.)
(Please look forward to it.)
I will introduce the MCs of the 2018
Idol Star Athletics Championships.
The mascot of the Idol Star
Athletics Championships,
Jun Hyun Moo.
(The mascot of the Idol Star
Athletics Championships,)
(Jun Hyun Moo.)
Hyun Moo, come on.
(They are happy to see him.)
The official eldest brother of the
Idol Star Athletics Championships,
- Lee Teuk.
(The official eldest brother of the
Athletics Championships, Lee Teuk)
Bo Mi from the Idol Star
Athletics Championships.
- Yoon Bo Mi.
(Bo Mi from the Idol Star Athletics
Championships, Yoon Bo Mi)
- Make some noise.
- Go, Bo Mi.
The Idol Star Athletics
Championships has come back again.
I've been doing this the longest,
and I received the grand award.
I'm Jun Hyun Moo. Nice to meet you.
How could he say that about himself?
He's being obnoxious starting
from the first day of the new year.
I'm Lee Teuk,
and I always want to be...
the eldest brother to idol singers.
Hello.
(They are happy to see him.)
I'm the endorphin that will increase
the energy of the athletes,
- Bo Mi from Apink.
- Endorphin Bo Mi.
- 1, 2, 3, 2, 1.
- Jump.
(Explosion of excitement)
(Excited)
(It's hard to tell whether this is
a gymnasium or a club.)
We will start the Idol Star
Athletics Championships.
(We will start the Idol Star
Athletics Championships.)
(It seems that they won't end this
before someone ends it for them.)
(Let's stop.)
(They end the
performance with a cool attitude.)
(2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special)
The athletes' oath.
- I pledge that...
All of the athletes that will
participate in track and field,
bowling, archery, rhythmic
gymnastics, and aerobics...
for the 2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special...
will obey the following rules.
We will respect the decision of the
referees and our opponents.
We will compete fairly.
We will do
our best in every event,
thinking that we will make
the best scene in our life.
We will never forget that our fans
and the viewers are always watching.
We will sincerely participate
in every event.
Regardless our career,
experience, and beauty,
we will do
our best as equal athletes.
We are the representative
of the athletes. I am Irene.
- I am S.coups.
- I am Ji Hyo.
I am Shownu.
(They are joined
with the leaders of each team.)
- Return to ready.
- That was...
- the leaders of each team.
- The leaders of each team.
Yes, they took an oath together.
The idol stars will compete fairly
with the fans and the viewers...
during the 2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special.
We will start the games now.
(The games will start right now.)
It's the 2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special.
Track and field, bowling, archery,
rhythmic gymnastics,
and aerobics will be held. This is
the 60m race for track and field.
On the holidays, I see this person
more frequently than my parents.
He's the current track and field
commentator for MBC.
It's Yoon Yeo Chun.
Nice to meet you.
- Welcome.
- Yes.
Mr. Yoon is...
very famous among idol singers.
- He is famous.
- Yes.
- Am I that famous?
- Yes, you're very famous.
Like Pele's curse,
there is something called
Yoon Yeo Chun's curse.
If he mentions someone,
that person will fail quickly.
- That would happen.
- Yes.
There's another victim here.
- That's me.
- She was his biggest victim.
Apink received gold...
- about 3 times for the 400m relay.
- That's right.
- We're that good.
- Yes.
But the moment
Mr. Yoon cheered for us,
- we ran past the lane.
- Oh, my.
We were eliminated.
(He was confident
of Apink's victory in 2015.)
(But)
(Apink ran past the lane
like they were hypnotized.)
They're not allowed to do that.
Apink is disqualified
because they made a mistake.
- He makes unlucky guesses.
- That's right.
A lot of new athletes
will run today.
- That's right.
- We only have data of them.
They never competed
against anyone.
No one knows whether there will be
a change of generations.
I'm curious.
Who are the past winners?
Rui from H.U.B who ran
in the women's 60m race...
and Woo Sung from Snuper who
ran in the men's 60m race...
gained attention for their records.
- Yes, both will be joining again.
- Right.
It will be interesting to see
if they will continue to get ahead.
Right. Women's 60m
will start now.
Shortly, Women's 60m Final
will begin.
Athletes, please enter the arena.
(Jeong Ye In, Yuseol, J-Sun,)
(Rui, Yu Ju, Min Seo)
(In the Women's 60m
Preliminary Match...)
She has the highest
chance of winning.
The first lane athlete
is outrunning everyone.
(J-Sun emerged as a dark horse.)
(Yuseol beat Yu Ju
by a narrow margin.)
She's getting caught up. Yu Ju.
(Rui outrun everyone
by a big margin.)
- She's very fast.
- She's fast. She's like Usain Bolt.
(Ye In, Yuseol, J-Sun, and Rui...)
(got the 1st place
from their group...)
(and made it to the final.)
She came in.
Nobody is as good as Rui.
This is Women's 60m Final.
Gold, silver, and bronze
medalists will be decided.
That's right.
It's an irony of fate.
Rui and Yu Ju are...
- standing side by side.
- They're in 4th and 5th lanes.
- It's going to be intense.
- It will be intense.
Will Yu Ju be able to win?
When you have a competitor,
your record improves.
Will she be the first female idol...
to break into
the eight-second range?
It will be interesting to see.
Whoever wins, I hope someone
will break a record.
Hello. I am Jooe of Momoland.
I will be presenting...
Women's 60m Final.
Yu Ju, unfortunately you lost
the gold medal last time.
Will you be able to win
back the gold medal this time?
I am nervous,
but I am really happy...
to be cheered by many people
who love me while running.
I will do my best,
regardless of the medal.
She's a fighter.
(Go, Yu Ju!)
(Screaming)
You were last year's winner.
Who are you mostly worried about?
It must be...
Yu Ju.
Whenever I watched
Idol Star Athletics Championships,
I admired her.
Just being able to run alongside
her is a great honor for me.
I am really happy.
Nevertheless, she will beat her.
I am Jooe,
reporting from the arena.
MBC.
(Laughing)
That's hard to get it right.
We came up with that idea
last night.
She managed to do it.
It's rewarding. She's satisfied.
Now, Women's 60m Final
will begin.
Rui in the third lane...
and Yu Ju in the second lane are
drawing the most attention.
J-Sun of S.I.S in the fourth lane
is joining for the first time.
She had a good record,
so we never know.
Yuseol in the fifth lane
threatened Yu Ju.
We don't know what will happen.
(Cheering passionately)
(Go, my idol!)
- This is nerve-racking.
- Attention.
Will it be Rui or Yu Ju?
The game began.
- Rui is outrunning.
Yu Ju.
(Will it be Rui or Yu Ju?)
(As soon as the game starts,
Rui sprints and outruns all.)
Yu Ju is behind her.
Rui is amazing.
There was no surprise.
Nobody is as good as her.
Rusain Bolt.
(Rui of H.U.B wins the gold medal.)
She's great.
I am curious about her record.
Did she break into
the eight-second range?
- Yuseol got the 3rd place.
- The 3rd place.
- J-Sun won the second place.
- J-Sun.
She beat Yu Ju.
The six athletes...
- started well.
- They started well.
When they were 20 meters in,
Rui started to get ahead,
and a V-shape was formed.
Right.
I am surprised that Yu Ju lost
the momentum in the middle.
Compared to the two times
when she won the gold medal,
she's not in a good shape today.
The medalists are decided.
We still don't know Rui's record.
We are excited to see her record.
The record is out.
Rui broke into
the eight-second range.
(Rui set a new record.)
She became the first female idol
to enter the eight-second range.
She made into the eight-second range
by a very narrow margin.
- She broke the record.
- She did.
She finally
broke the nine-second range.
It was only by 0.01 second.
But she finished in 8.99 seconds.
She's the first one to break
into the eight-second range.
- Let's give it up for her.
- Congratulations.
(2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special)
Men's 60m Final...
will start now.
Like we mentioned earlier,
it will be interesting to see
if we'll have a new track star...
or if the existing track stars
will continue to do well.
That will be
the focus of this event.
(In the Men's 60m
Preliminary Match,)
(Joo Heon aimed for the gold medal.)
Joo Heon is fast.
(So Rim is the track rising star.)
(Woo Sung's goal was to win
3 times in a row.)
(Han Seung Woo of Victon
was in a great condition.)
(In the Men's 60m
Preliminary Match,)
(Han Seung Woo, Joo Heon,)
(So Rim,)
(and Woo Sung made it to the final.)
Woo Sung did as well as
we expected.
Seung Woo won the bronze medal
on his first event.
Seung Woo is
in great condition right now.
If he doesn't make a mistake
at the start,
he will have a nip and tuck
match with Woo Sung.
- He will have a nip and tuck match.
- Yes.
This is Men's 60m Final.
What we are most interested in is
if Woo Sung in the fourth lane...
will win for the third time.
According to Mr. Yoon, it's a matter
of who's in better condition.
It's possible that someone
else wins this time.
- Seung Woo should be nervous.
- Yes.
Mr. Yoon mentioned it.
He should watch out.
On your mark.
Who will be
the rising track star of 2018?
We will see.
Mr. Yoon said
Seung Woo of Victon...
seems to be in good condition.
Woo Sung is
always the front-runner.
(Woo Sung of Snuper
is the front-runner.)
This is a nervous moment.
Get set.
(The third lane athlete falters.)
He got up.
Mr. Yoon mentioned
Seung Woo earlier.
Seung Woo.
(No!)
- He nearly rolled forward.
- That's right.
Seung Woo had a false start.
If another person
has a false start,
- that person will be disqualified.
- Right.
- They're already warned once.
- On your mark.
As soon as Mr. Yoon mentioned,
he nearly rolled forward.
- This is really scary.
- This is chilling.
It's like a horror special.
Because it's the final game,
they must be very nervous.
Don't get nervous. If someone has
a false start, he will be out.
Right.
Get set.
- Oh, dear.
- He did it again.
(Seung Woo has
another false start.)
Oh, no.
What happens now?
Now...
Seung Woo of Victon
had two false starts.
- The gun was misfired.
The gun was misfired.
Thank goodness.
(Fortunately, Seung Woo
didn't have a false start.)
(It was the gun.)
- Oh, dear.
- He did it again.
It was the gun.
Seung Woo is fine. Thank goodness.
- The gun was the problem.
- That would've made us sad.
Mr. Yoon's curse
has affected the gun too.
Even the gun.
- I...
- He's amazing.
I will explain something
before they start.
You have to start
after hearing the gunshot.
If the athlete moves within
0.1 seconds after the gun has fired,
he is considered to
have false-started.
- You can't presume and start.
- If you start simultaneously...
with the gunshot,
that's false-starting too.
You have to start
after hearing the gunshot.
(The extreme nervousness...)
(engulfs their bodies.)
(Even the ones watching
are extremely nervous.)
(Who will be the one...)
(to win the gold medal?)
Get set.
It began.
This is the final match.
Y is fast.
- Seung Woo is leading.
- Seung Woo.
- It began.
This is the final match.
(It's nip and tuck.)
- Woo Sung.
- Seung Woo.
He fell.
- Woo Sung.
- Seung Woo.
He fell.
- Seung woo fell.
He fell, but...
- We need to check the video.
- He fell while...
passing the finish line.
For the first time
in the short-distance track event,
we will be reviewing the video.
Like what Mr. Yoon said,
we need to see...
whose torso entered
the finish line first.
Let's check the slow video.
- Everyone started very well.
- They were good.
- The start was good.
- They are fast.
This is when Seung Woo
started getting ahead of Woo Sung.
He's outrunning.
- He was doing well until this time.
- This is when it happened.
He faltered there.
(He faltered right before
the finish line.)
Even if he falls...
(Mr. Yoon sighs.)
(He sighs.)
Why did you let out a sigh?
Why did you sigh?
Woo Sung's torso
passed the finish line first.
Seung Woo ran well,
but just before...
reaching the finish line,
he faltered.
Did Mr. Yoon's curse
make this happen?
His curse did it.
It's the worst thing
that can happen.
- How can you...
- Why did he fall?
- He false-started once. The gun...
- Why do you make me look bad?
misfired, and he also fell.
He was just about to finish.
He was cursed three times.
If one of his feet finished first,
Seung Woo would have won.
Let's watch it. Where exactly
is the torso?
- It's your chest.
- Your chest has to finish first.
Woo Sung's chest finished first.
Seung Woo fell,
- but he was the 2nd to finish.
- He got the 2nd place.
If Seung Woo didn't fall,
he could've won.
- Right.
The record is out.
With the record of 7.76 seconds,
Woo Sung of Snuper
won the gold medal.
With 0.05 second margin,
Seung Woo of Victon...
- became the silver medalist.
- Yes.
The bronze medal went to
Joo Heon of Monsta X.
He finished in 7.876 seconds.
Woo Sung of Snuper...
won gold
for three consecutive games.
This is his third win in a row.
I'm Jooe, and I'm with
the medalists now.
I'd like to hear their
winning speech here first. Rui.
My mom came to see me
from Japan today.
I'm glad that she could
see me win the game.
I'm glad that I won
three consecutive games.
I'll keep trying my best...
not to disappoint you. Thank you.
We'd like to see
your victory ceremony.
I'll record it for you.
Let me show you.
It looks pretty.
Woo Sung, we'd like you
to make a ceremony video...
- for your fans.
- Okay.
Thank you for supporting me at 2018
Idol Star Athletics Championships.
I'll try even harder
for the games on Chuseok.
I could've done all this
thanks to my fans.
Thank you, and I love you.
I'll see you again.
(The first bowling game of
Idol Star Athletics Championships)
Find the best
idol bowler of Korea.
We're back again this year.
This is 2018 Idol Star
Athletics Championships.
And bowling is
newly added this year.
I'm today's commentator, Seo In.
And we have three special guests...
who will deliver the excitement
of today's match.
First, he's the forever leader
of Infinite, Sung Kyu. Hello.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
I'm Sung Kyu.
Do you like bowling?
- Bowling?
- Yes.
I like it very much.
It's my favorite sports.
But I haven't played it before.
That's a surprise.
She wants to create
another legend with bowling.
She's Hani of EXID.
(Hani of EXID)
Hello, this is my first time
to be here as a commentator.
- I'm honored. I'll try my best.
- All right. And...
we have a bowling genius here.
He's the member of the national team
with 14 years of experience.
He's the master of bowling,
Commentator Choi Bok Eum.
- Hello.
- Hello, I'm Bowler Choi Bok Eum.
We will look forward to
your in-depth commentary.
Okay.
- Bowling is very popular.
- That's right.
The best bowlers are picked to play,
and they've been devoting themselves
to practice night and day.
Some of them are well known
to be good at bowling,
and others just started bowling
for this match.
I heard they all are
on their sweeping upturn.
I can't wait to watch the game.
(Shortly)
(Powerful bowling
full of masculinity)
(A powerful strike to smash pins)
(Men's bowling will be liberating.)
- It's possible.
- It could turn the game over.
That's right.
(It's like a bowling drama
of a seesaw game.)
(Repeated dramatic twists)
(Women's bowling with the shocking
result will begin shortly.)
2018 Idol Star
Athletics Championships.
You must be curious about the list
of matches for Men's bowling.
We'll reveal it now.
We have the spectacular
line-up for Men's bowling.
This is amazing.
All the idol stars are here.
And the fans' cheering
for the players...
are getting more intense.
Let's talk
to the cheering squad first then.
(Screaming)
(The cheering is
more like a shriek.)
I heard the members of
Wanna One are here.
- Wanna One.
- Where are you, Wanna One?
Hello.
- Hello.
- There they are.
Please say hello to our viewers.
In 1, 2, and 3.
All I want to do, Wanna One.
Hello, we're Wanna One.
It's nice to meet you.
Would you send a message
of support to the players?
In fact,
I already got hoarse
from all this cheering.
I shouted myself hoarse
cheering for them even at home.
Actually, I'm not worried
about my team.
I heard they've played bowling...
since the moment they were born.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Well...
- So I'm not worried at all.
- I hope our team will win.
- Okay. Good luck.
We just talked to the cheering
squads to check their excitement.
2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special.
This is Men's Bowling
Preliminary Match.
It begins now.
(2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special)
It's MONSTA X versus Seventeen.
The first match of Men's Bowling
Preliminary Match, Group One.
The players are coming in.
They are the monsters
who dominate the K-Pop scene,
Joo Heon and Min Hyuk
of MONSTA X.
They look cool.
They are talented idol stars
who are good at singing and dancing.
Seung Kwan and Min Gyu of Seventeen.
- They are very funny.
- They're humorous.
What was that?
(MONSTA X versus Seventeen)
This is Idol Star
Athletics Championships.
So we have our own rules
and formats for the game.
Commentator Choi Bok Eum with
a fair skin will explain the rules.
The game will be
based on the Scotch Game...
where two players take turns
to throw a bowling ball.
From Frame 1 to 5,
Player A bowls first,
and Player B picks up a spare.
From Frame 6 to 10,
Player B bowls first.
- They change the order?
- They play in the reverse order.
Idol Star Bowling Championships.
Let's begin the first match.
Min Gyu of Seventeen...
goes first.
Min Gyu will throw the ball.
They made an interesting promise...
- for their victory.
- What's that?
If they win, they will disguise
as bowling pins in front of MBC.
I really want to see that.
At this moment...
(Where did the ball go?)
He's left-handed.
(Seventeen versus MONSTA X)
I've never seen
such a powerful gutter before.
(Gutter is when the ball goes into
the gutter without touching pins.)
MONSTA X seems very excited.
They are celebrating it by
patting each other on the back.
They have a chance
to pick up a spare.
- That's right.
- They could pick up 10 spares.
- Seung Kwan doesn't look happy.
- It's okay.
He said his opponent is Min Gyu
from his team.
He did? Is it an internal conflict?
All right. He threw
the ball powerfully.
Good!
(8 pins)
He scored eight points.
That was nice.
Seventeen knocked down eight pins.
It's MONSTA X's turn now.
Here comes Min Hyuk.
You are handsome.
There goes Min Hyuk.
- That was gentle.
- It looks good.
It's gentle.
What was that?
(A pin knocked down another one.)
(Seventeen versus MONSTA X)
The last pin was hidden in there.
Is Joo Heon happy?
- He's happy.
- He's not upset, isn't he?
(He looked too vigorous.)
Would Joo Heon be able
to pick up a spare?
The pin is not in a difficult
position to knock down.
That's right.
He might be able to do it.
All right. It's all
about accuracy now.
(He fails to pick up a spare.)
It was too strong.
But they're ahead of the game.
(Seventeen versus MONSTA X)
How will he throw the ball
this time?
It's turning to the left.
It came back in.
That was good.
- The men players...
- I think they're getting warmed up.
- They're getting warmed up.
- They're getting better.
They're getting the hang of it.
(His lips are parched.)
Would he pick up spares?
He threw the ball.
It's getting closer.
It's just like their first try.
- He looks confident.
- It was a little too soon.
- It was too soon.
- The release was too soon.
- It was very close.
- It almost fell in the gutter.
- That was so close.
- It's like a perilla leaf.
- How many leaves would that be?
It's like one and a half leaf close.
Or in this case,
it's one hairy leaf.
All right. This is Frame Two.
He's Min Hyuk of MONSTA X.
(Min Hyuk of MONSTA X
looks serious getting ready.)
He looks intrepid.
- He threw the ball boldly.
- It looks good.
Good. It's in the center.
It's a strike!
(The first strike)
That's the first strike
of this game.
Min Hyuk of MONSTA X bowled
the first strike.
They do the ceremony like monsters.
It was amazing.
He looks nimble bowling the strike.
I agree. It sounded light.
(It looks like the ball would
bound from the rail.)
The spin was good.
It went right between pin 1 and 3.
Seventeen would also need a strike.
- He might feel a little pressured.
- Right.
(Would they be able to catch up?)
Min Gyu of Seventeen.
It's his third try.
It's good.
(9 pins)
(Seventeen versus MONSTA X)
(That was so close.)
(Forget about the previous plays.)
(Their teamwork is back.)
(On the other hand, MONSTA X
struggles to pick up a spare.)
It's going close.
(They don't have luck
on their side.)
(Seung Kwan of Seventeen
never passes up the chance.)
It's good.
(He keeps knocking down 9 pins.)
(It's the curse of 1 pin.)
There's a pin left again.
(Seung Kwan of Seventeen
is the prince of 9 pins.)
He failed to pick up a spare.
(Seventeen versus MONSTA X)
Seventeen has scored 104 points.
It's MONSTA X's turn.
(MONSTA X has
just a few chances left.)
(They cannot relax yet.)
(Glaring)
(Joo Heon of MONSTA X
is being more careful than ever.)
There he goes.
He throws the ball
with all his might.
Strike!
(He finally bowls a strike.)
He bowls a strike at last.
Joo Heon's play is amazing.
(Seventeen versus Monsta X)
Yes, he's incredible.
(Joo Heon,
you really did a good job.)
He was great.
He suddenly bowled a strike.
The atmosphere has changed now.
They are so happy.
Take it easy, Seung Kwan!
It was MONSTA X's second strike.
Now we cannot predict the result.
That's true.
The ball is moving
in the right direction this time.
It hits the bowling pins
just right.
It moved in a clean strike course.
He succeeded in bowling
a very clean strike.
Seung Kwan should feel
rather burdensome.
Right.
(This is his last frame.)
It's about time he bowls a strike.
He has played the game
in a pretty similar way all along.
Now, it's his last frame.
Seung Kwan has kept missing
one pin so far.
Can he bowl a strike this time?
Strike! No!
- He missed one again.
- He didn't hit one again.
I really feel sorry.
That's fine, though.
There's Min Gyu who's left-handed.
The bowling pin is located where
it's advantageous for Min Gyu.
That location is more advantageous
for a left-handed player for sure.
The ball moves in a direction
which the hand rotates,
and that's where the bowling pin
is located.
Therefore, now it's easier
to bowl a strike.
- Is it going to hit now?
- He did it!
(He perfectly took care of it.)
Seung Kwan missed one bowling pin,
and Min Gyu took care of it.
- It was amazing.
- That's awesome.
They have a great teamwork.
Don't you think so, Sung Kyu?
- That's very nice.
- Isn't it?
They have a good combination.
It looks like Min Gyu can predict...
what's going to happen.
He's going a great job.
That's nice.
If team members can lead and pull
one another like that,
it would be nice whatever they do.
(Seventeen's teamwork shines
in the moment of crisis.)
- Now, Min Hyuk...
- Let's go!
of MONSTA X is throwing the ball.
He swings with confidence.
Is it going all right?
Strike!
He swings with confidence.
Is it going all right?
(It's a double strike.)
Are they checking the video?
It was the first double strike,
right?
Yes, it was the first double strike.
- It's the first double strike.
- A double strike.
He's incredible.
Now he can get a lot of points.
- We really cannot predict anymore.
- We cannot.
- He's getting at least 30 points.
- Right.
- Now it's the 10th frame.
- It's the 10th frame now.
They will have a bonus frame.
Ace players of each team will play.
Still, MONSTA X seems to be
more advantageous.
Right. All the frames are over now.
It's 118 versus 114.
MONSTA X is leading with
a few more points,
but both teams still have
a bonus frame left.
So we cannot be sure
about the result.
An ace player can bowl...
for the bonus frame.
Who's going to play?
For MONSTA X,
- Min Hyuk is playing.
- Min Hyuk.
- Min Hyuk is going first.
- Let's go!
(The last frame will decide
the result.)
(What score will Min Hyuk of
MONSTA X get for the bonus frame?)
- He bowls confidently.
- That's nice.
It's good.
(He made it.)
- What's that? It's a turkey!
- A turkey!
He got a turkey.
(A turkey means bowling
three strikes in a row.)
I can't believe this.
A turkey is made in the first game.
He got a turkey.
Is that possible?
(He's shaking his head.)
Min Hyuk is amazing.
(Seventeen versus MONSTA X)
Let's see the replay.
That's unbelievable.
MONSTA X's score is now 138.
The ball hit pin 1 and pin 3.
- It was a perfect strike.
- Right.
He has one more chance left.
There's one more chance.
Can he go beyond a turkey...
and get a four bagger?
(He's trying to get a 4 bagger,
which is 4 strikes in a row.)
I think he might get a four bagger.
Right.
It's rare to see it.
- Right.
- It's hard to see a four bagger.
You can see it
mostly in professional games.
Can he make it?
(9 pins)
There's one pin left.
- There's one left.
- The ball went all right.
In the last trial,
he got nine points.
MONSTA X finishes the game
with a total score of 147.
They're amazing.
(He's composing his mind.)
How can he play so well?
Let's see how this game turns out.
I think Seung Kwan should play
like he's practicing now.
Yes. His competitor played so well
at the end.
(9 points prince challenges
for a strike again.)
He bowls with confidence.
Is it a strike?
He didn't get one.
He could have bowled a strike once.
It was Seung Kwan.
He left one pin again at the end.
There's one pin left.
I feel very sorry.
The game is over now.
It's 147 versus 123.
MONSTA X won the game.
Congratulations!
(MONSTA X goes on
to the semifinals.)
(2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special)
(Men's Bowling Preliminary Match,
Highlight versus KNK)
Men's Bowling Preliminary Match.
It's Group Two's match.
This is the last match.
The players are entering now.
- Let's see how well they play.
- It's KNK.
You can look forward to a good game.
They look bigger as one's carrying
the other on his back.
[Kocowa Ver] MBC E01 2018 Idol Star Athletics Championships New Year Special
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(Highlight versus KNK)
This match will be interesting.
KNK is known as successful fans
of Highlight.
Yong Jun Hyung of Highlight...
monitors new songs of KNK
every time they make one.
The two teams are very friendly.
I'm looking forward to seeing
how this game will turn out.
I've met Jun Hyung about a week ago.
He was so...
He's asking me not to say anything.
I won't say anything.
Tell me the story later.
He said, "The victory is ours
for sure."
He's full of confidence.
He showed such confidence.
- Commentator Choi.
- Yes.
Yang Yo Seop of Highlight...
is known to be very competent in
playing bowling among entertainers.
Right. He is.
(Yo Seop of Highlight enjoys
bowling during his free time.)
(He made time to practice
despite his busy schedule.)
It's true that Yo Seop is good
at bowling as they say.
He's a skilled player.
However, we cannot be sure
that Highlight is going to win.
It depends on how much Jun Hyung
supports Yo Seop.
I think that can play a big part.
Right. If Yo Seop had said
"The victory is ours",
I would have agreed with him.
However, Jun Hyung, who should
support Yo Seop a lot,
told me with such confidence...
to watch the game carefully.
Jun Hyung wrote that his rival...
is himself.
- Did he?
- He's full of confidence now.
When asked to write down his rival,
Yo Seop also answered...
- that it's himself.
- He did?
They should change their team name
to "Overcoming Oneself".
It's incredible.
I wonder whether it's vanity
or confidence.
I think Yo Seop is confident,
but as I see it, how Jun Hyung plays
would matter.
- Is it confidence out of nowhere?
- Please go back to your seat.
I'm sorry. I apologize.
- I'm sorry.
- I think it will be a great match.
It's a match between seniors and
juniors who are close to each other.
Can KNK overcome Highlight,
the most promising contender?
Jeong In Seong also wrote
that his rival is himself.
He did?
He's really a successful fan.
- He hit seven pins.
- That's a good start.
- He began nicely.
- Yes, that's fine.
- He got six pins.
- He got six?
There's one more left.
He got six pins.
It's Oh Hee Jun.
(Hee Jun of KNK bowls
to pick up the spares.)
There he goes.
(He fails to pick up the spares.)
Even though he didn't pick up
the spares,
they encourage each other.
Finally, Yo Seop is playing now.
At last, we can see his skills.
(Yo Seop throws the ball.)
Here goes Yo Seop.
It's good.
(It's a strike at the first throw.)
There he goes.
It's good.
- There he goes.
- A strike.
He's getting the start
on his opponents.
He plays well as they say.
It's daunting for the other team
from the beginning.
He's does the ceremony.
Yo Seop got the start
on his competitors.
But we should know...
that Jun Hyung's playing next.
It might be their strategy
to change the turn.
- Right.
- Yo Seop will hit a strike anyway.
All right.
Okay.
They keep looking at me.
I see.
(In Seong of KNK
concentrates again.)
There he goes.
- Its' great.
Good shot!
(It's a strike.)
He couldn't lose.
- Well done.
- He did it.
(KNK versus Highlight)
- They counterattacked.
- They did.
Jun Hyung was very confident.
Nobody knows how talented
he really is. Let's check out.
Let's see.
It's tilted slightly to the left.
(Oh, dear.)
He's tilting his head.
He tilted his head.
He's very humble.
(KNK versus Highlight)
(How will Yo Seop do?)
- Yo Seop.
Will he bowl a strike?
(He fails to clear all the pins.)
He failed to clear all the pins.
(He knocked down 5 pins.)
(KNK has a chance to catch up.)
It's Hee Jun.
- It's good.
- Well done.
(One pin wobbles.)
(8 pins)
That was one tenacious pin.
He threw the ball well.
If In Seong picks up a spare,
he will put his team
in a very advantageous position.
Let's see.
It's going there.
(They're surprised.)
(He picked up all the spares.)
Finally, someone did it.
It's the scene I wanted to see.
That's it. He finally did it.
- Go, In Seong!
He managed to do
something very difficult.
That's not easy to do.
The two pins were split apart.
He achieved it through a pin action.
What are we supposed to say
in a situation like this?
- "Good shot!"
- Good shot!
Good shot, In Seong.
(Good shot, In Seong.)
Let's see.
(Jun Hyung fights back.)
(His throw wasn't so good.)
Is it tilting to the left?
- He's discovering his talent.
- He is.
How will he do?
It could've gone better.
(Is Highlight in trouble?)
- It's tilting to the left.
- Come on.
He only added one point.
Will In Seong do a good job?
He bowled a strike once.
- It's looking nice.
(He manages to pick up a spare.)
(KNK versus Highlight)
Isn't he the new dark horse?
In Seong is good.
(In Seong of KNK emerges
as the dark horse.)
(It's Highlight's frame again.)
- It's not bad.
- It's good!
(9 pins)
That's it.
That's the true Jun Hyung.
- He's starting to get it.
- He's getting the hang of it.
(The dark horse
gets the hang of it.)
(And he knocked down 9 pins.)
(Jun Hyung continues to score high.)
- It's nice.
(Yo Seop is sharp again!)
(However)
In Seong is doing quite well.
He picked up the spare again.
Will he do it again?
He threw a straight ball.
(He continues to pick up
the spare.)
- He's in his element.
- He is.
We still don't know
who is going to win.
It's already the last frame.
It's Hee Jun's turn.
Hee Jun threw a powerful ball.
(6 pins)
(He's not happy.)
It was a safe one.
(The last bowler or KNK is...)
It's In Seong, who has
a lot of friends.
- He's been doing very well today.
- Yes.
He's doing very well today.
Will he pick up the spare?
(He manages to pick up the spare.)
- He's a genius.
- In Seong is...
In Seong did it.
- Now, if...
- Yes.
Highlight has a turkey,
and KNK has a gutter ball,
- they will have a tie.
- They will have a tie.
It won't be easy,
but Jun Hyung will...
- do his best.
- Let's see.
Will he bowl a strike?
(The game is over.)
Yo Seop of Highlight.
He's got a chance.
(He picks up the spare
and finishes the game.)
(He's sad.)
The game now has ended.
Highlight scored 107.
KNK scored 124.
And KNK won.
(Astro versus Snuper)
(Astro bowled a strike.)
(Snuper was in bad condition.)
Astro won.
(2018 Idol Star
Athletics Championships)
Chan Yeol from
Korea's best idol group EXO.
And Jay from Trax.
The audience is stirred...
now that Chan Yeol is out.
Coming up next are
the hottest idols of the year.
Bae Jin Young and
Lai Kwan Lin from Wanna One.
They are growing as
a global idol group.
Welcome.
(EXO and Trax versus Wanna One)
(It's the meeting of the two
most popular idol groups.)
- Go, guys!
- Come on!
- They are greeting each other.
- Yes.
Wanna One will play first.
(Wanna One plays
the 1st frame.)
Wanna one's first frame begins.
The first player is Lai Kwan Lin.
His skin is so fair.
I envy him. I have never
had such fair skin.
It's the first frame.
He threw the ball.
Seven pins.
That's a nice start.
- Bravo.
- That was awesome.
That's a nice start.
(He's happy with the good start.)
Jin Young will play next.
(Will Jin Young succeed
to pick up the spare?)
He's getting ready.
It's his chance
to pick up the spare.
He wrote it himself
that he was born...
- with talent for bowling.
- Oh, really?
- All right.
- Let's see how good he is.
I guess he is currently
developing his talent.
Right.
I'm sure he's still not
warmed up yet.
- He just came in.
- Right.
You need time to warm up.
(It's finally Chan Yeol's turn.)
It's Chan Yeol's turn.
Chan Yeol from EXO is up next.
- I am excited for him.
- I am excited for him too.
He's a strong front-runner.
Many people praise him,
so I have high expectation for him.
He checks the angle first.
Chan Yeol throws the ball.
It's his first ball.
(9 pins)
(He was so close
to bowling a strike.)
It's too bad it's not a strike.
- It's too bad.
- Yes.
- He missed 1 pin.
- Just 1 pin.
I find it harder to clear it
when there's only one pin left.
Let's see how Jay will play.
All right.
He spun the ball.
He did it.
(He picks up the spare.)
- He picked up the spare.
- That was so precise.
He picked up the spare perfectly.
(They are a front-runner duo.)
- They are amazing.
- That was a neat play.
The ball suddenly...
- headed to the left.
- That was neat.
- They are amazing.
It's the second frame.
- It's Lai Kwan Lin.
(Will they be able to catch up?)
He threw the ball.
(7 pins)
It's the first time we had
that arrangement of pins.
The ball hit the center,
and the pins...
(The score difference increases,
and Wanna One gets flustered.)
Did the pins not move enough?
They either fell forwards
or backwards.
The ball just shoved the pins
to the back.
- It hit right in the center.
- He should hit the rest.
It's going to be tricky
to pick up the spare.
He has to hit the right side
of the sixth pin.
- All right.
- That's it.
Come on, Jin Young.
He only knocked down
the pin in the middle.
(Wanna One versus EXO and Trax)
Wanna One won 15 points.
- It's Chan Yeol's turn again.
- It's Chan Yeol.
Chan Yeol promised
to treat everyone...
who participated in the bowling
if he wins.
- Does that include us?
- Are we...
- included?
- Are we included?
What's the menu?
- He's going to treat us.
- Chan Yeol is up next.
Go, Chan Yeol.
- That was good.
- That's good.
- Great.
(It's the first strike.)
He bowled a strike.
(It's because
everyone wants to be treated.)
He's very talented.
(Wanna One versus EXO and Trax)
The first frame...
They managed to pick up
the spare in the first frame.
And they finished the second frame
with the strike.
- He's good.
- He's a front-runner for a reason.
He's got a vibe of his own.
He releases the ball very smoothly.
It's going to pin 1 and pin 3.
(The ball strikes accurately
between pin 1 and pin 3.)
The ball keeps moving...
consistently to the back end.
Wanna One must feel pressured.
I Hope they enjoy playing the game.
In this kind of situation,
they should release the pressure.
I think that would be better.
- It's still early in the game.
- It's the start of the match.
- As they practiced.
They'd better not care much.
Lai Kwan Lin decided to
"smile even if I don't do well."
All right.
There he goes! Okay.
- He's smiling.
- Yes.
He's smiling.
He looks beautiful.
His facial expression is the winner.
(I won't forget to smile
even if I don't play well.)
(He received the positive energy
from Lai Kwan Lin.)
(Jin Young of Wanna One
gets the hang of it.)
(Lai Kwan Lin of Wanna One
begins to play well.)
(However)
It's good.
(EXO and Trax gets a head start
with strikes in a row.)
- It's accurate.
- It's perfect.
There he goes.
(He shows off his skill
as a front-runner.)
He's stably good.
(Jay of Trax gets a double strike.)
It's a double strike.
Here's a double strike.
(They play perfectly.)
He got a double strike.
This is a preliminary match.
I think the semi-finals and
the final match will be incredible.
(Even though the game
is almost decided,)
(they do their best to the end.)
This is the last frame.
(It's Wanna One's last frame.)
I feel like he'll do well.
It's Jin Young's last throw.
Strike!
He got the hang of it now.
It's amazing!
It's incredible.
Jin Young, you made it!
- The last match is over.
- He did well.
Men's Bowling Preliminary Match
is decided.
I've heard that Chan Yeol
is a great player.
I could see it with my own eyes.
Wanna One did their best to the end.
I think it was a great match.
I think they did a great job.
Thank you for your effort.
I'd like to give an applause to
Wanna One managed to keep smiling.
Now, rhythmic gymnastics will begin.
You're watching...
2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special.
It's the highlight of this
championships, rhythmic gymnastics.
The pretty member of TWICE,
Na Yeon...
will cast rhythmic gymnastics...
- together with us.
- Welcome.
Hello, I'm Na Yeon,
the special caster
of rhythmic gymnastics.
The moment Na Yeon sat here, our
broadcasting booth became brighter.
- You're right.
- Yes.
When we think of TWICE,
they have the best cheering song,
- "Cheer Up".
- Right.
To encourage the players,
can you please sing a line
of "Cheer Up"?
I'll sing a line, and can you do
the dance routine with me?
- We'll follow you.
- We'll do that.
- 1, 2, 3, 4.
- Cheer up, baby
- Hang in there
- You can do it!
- All right.
I'm getting the energy.
The players should get more energy.
(The song makes everyone
get energized.)
She was an international referee
and is a commentator in MBC.
Commentator Cha Sang Eun is with us.
- Welcome!
- Nice to see you!
Hello, I'm an exclusive coach and a
commentator for rhythmic...
gymnastics for Idol Star Athletics
Championships, Cha Sang Eun.
Many people are looking forward to
this event.
Would it be better this season?
Can we expect more this time?
Many people are curious.
In this season, they practiced
even more...
than the last season.
The players' skills have greatly
improved.
Some of them can enter the match
for elementary school athletes.
Some players are
that much competent.
- Elementary school games?
- Yes.
It's for the professional athletes.
- Right.
- You can look forward to this game.
Let's look at the things
you should watch out for.
The things you should remember
for rhythmic gymnastics.
(Return of the queen versus
Birth of a new star)
Would it be the return
of the queen...
- or the birth of a new star?
- Right.
I looked at the list
of participants.
There are many players who majored
in ballet and dance.
Sally of Gugudan,
Ji U of DreamCatcher,
Hae In of Laboum,
Rachel of April,
Seung Yeon of CLC,
Cheng Xiao of WJSN.
A total of six players participate
in rhythmic gymnastics.
What's unique is,
except for Cheng Xiao,
every player is participating
for the first time.
In fact, when we think of rhythmic
gymnastics in this championships,
we think of Cheng Xiao
of WJSN first.
(Cheng Xiao of WJSN highlighted the
first page of rhythmic gymnastics.)
What's that?
It's a mastery degree technique.
She's like a professional athlete.
She needs to catch it.
She's the one who wrote the history
of rhythmic gymnastics here.
In the last season,
in her second match,
Cheng Xiao missed the gold medal
due to a small mistake.
(In rhythmic gymnastics match
of the 2017 Championships,)
(Cheng Xiao unfortunately
missed the hoop.)
Can she write another history
in this championships?
Can she make another drama?
We'll be watching her.
It's 2018 Idol Star Athletics
Championships - New Year Special.
Many people have been looking
forward to rhythmic gymnastics.
Let's meet the first player.
It's Sally from Gugudan.
The first player is entering now.
Sally from Gugudan is appearing.
She's holding a hoop.
Her red and white costume
is really beautiful.
Commentator Cha,
what's Sally's concept?
She prepared a graceful costume...
that reminds us of a swan.
To a mystic music,
Sally will highlight her mystic
image by performing her emotions.
That's the thing
you should watch for.
I see.
She's so beautiful.
It starts now.
I truly hope
she doesn't make a mistake.
(Sally moves like a swan flying.)
What's this movement?
She did AD well now,
the apparatus difficulty technique.
(After catching the apparatus,
a high-level technique continues.)
She now turns twice
for a risk degree technique.
She caught the apparatus,
but she made a little mistake.
- It's not a fatal mistake, right?
- No, it isn't.
(She expresses a swan with
an apparatus difficulty technique.)
The swan is so beautiful...
- that it even looks sad.
- Oh, that's great.
- What's that?
- It's an AD technique,
- an apparatus difficulty technique.
- I see.
She should check it.
(Sally misses the hoop.)
- She should have caught it.
- Right.
(Worried)
Sally has challenged herself
to high-level techniques.
She should not be agitated
by those things.
(Sally continues with the next move
and stays calm.)
This looks like a difficult one.
- She did it well.
- She did a good job!
(She succeeds in an apparatus
difficulty technique.)
This looks like a difficult one.
- She did it well.
- She did a good job!
(They're amazed.)
What was that movement?
As she's doing
apparatus difficulty techniques,
she's getting additional scores
for the techniques.
(However, she makes
another mistake.)
- Look at her facial expression.
- Gosh, she dropped it.
She did well, but she
also made mistakes.
She's very graceful
and beautiful though.
- Her face looks so calm.
- You're right.
She doesn't look much disturbed.
Good for her.
- Commentator Cha.
- This is the last technique.
- The last one.
- Right.
- She did it well.
- She caught it.
(She nicely succeeded in the last
risk degree technique.)
She did a good job. Goodness.
She played some parts so well,
and made some regrettable mistakes.
She looks like
she has mixed emotions.
It's very regrettable that she made
little mistakes.
I feel sorry
that she has tearful eyes already.
She did well. She did a good job.
- Her team members are crying.
- Gosh, Se Jeong is crying.
My goodness.
- They know how hard she tried.
- They know it.
Se Jeong is crying already.
Goodness.
She worked so hard, that's why.
She's been practicing so hard,
so diligently.
Well, now...
Now, let's see how she did.
Let's see the slow video
and analyze her performance.
- She did it so well at first.
- Right.
Her apparatus degree technique
was good this time.
I described it as a mastery degree
technique before.
- The term must have changed.
- Yes, it has changed.
- Apparatus difficulty degree.
- Now it's a risk degree technique.
- She slightly missed it.
- Yes.
Does it make a slight deduction?
She caught it first
and then missed it.
The referees will decide it.
They will decide it.
Actually, even real athletes find
this technique hard.
She was supposed to turn around
and catch with her legs.
How can she do that?
She succeeded when she practiced.
I'm so sorry that
she made a mistake today.
She did this well. It was
the last movement, right?
- She did a good job.
- She did well.
It might look easy to handle a hoop,
but it's very big in size,
and it's heavy.
Throwing it high is
a difficult technique for players.
She threw it high,
and she did it well.
Hello, I'm at the stadium
where rhythmic gymnastics is held.
I'm a rising star for MC in MBC,
Seung Kwan of Seventeen.
- You're cute!
They get ambitious
when they have an interview.
I guess he sees
this as a pilot program.
He's trying to take a position.
I think he will appear
in "Section TV" soon.
He said "a rising star for MC
in MBC".
You just finished your performance
and had a seat now.
How do you feel?
I'm nervous...
and worried that my team members...
might be disappointed
even though I tried hard.
- They supported her together.
- That's true.
The hard times are coming
to her mind.
Se Jeong is sobbing. It's all right.
- She did her best.
- She did well.
Of course she did.
But I enjoyed it. Yes.
All right.
Then let's see the result.
Let's see it together.
(What's Sally's score?)
The score is here.
She received a total of 8.10.
She received 2.85 in difficulty
and 5.25 in execution.
Her total score is 8.10.
That's good.
She was the first competitor.
Let's meet the second competitor.
The second competitor of
rhythmic gymnastics will enter.
The second competitor is
Ji U from DreamCatcher.
She's tall.
Ji U's apparatus is the ball.
As you can see,
she's the tallest competitor.
She expresses music very well.
That's good.
She will perform
to the song "Daydreamin'".
She started.
It's her first time competing.
Okay.
- She has beautiful lines.
- She did a good job.
- Yes, she did a good job.
- Yes.
As you can see, she performs
in harmony with the music.
(It's like her moves became
one with the music.)
She's very flexible.
(Her facial expressions are
refreshing.)
- She has good facial expressions.
- Yes.
Her facial acting
is good.
She is acting a girl who is dreaming
of falling in romantic love.
- She caught it.
- Good job.
- That's not easy.
- That's right.
- Oh, my.
- The ball...
- No.
- It's part of her performance.
- Is it part of her performance?
- Yes.
Lee Teuk doesn't know a lot about
rhythmic gymnastics.
It's a technique called
"dance steps".
He doesn't know
rhythmic gymnastics well.
- She didn't make any mistakes.
- Yes, that's right.
She's calmly doing a good job
just like she practiced.
- It's beautiful.
- She did a good job at balancing.
(Ji U is performing
perfectly without a mistake.)
(I won't miss
the ball until the end.)
- She caught it.
Yes, she did
a good job at catching it.
She's doing a good job.
(She performed
easily until the end.)
She could have been nervous
because this is her first time.
- She finished perfectly.
- Yes.
There must be some details
that didn't satisfy you.
- Tell us.
- She did well as she practiced.
- Did she do a good job?
- Yes.
She had a shorter period of practice
than the other competitors.
- Really?
- Yes, but she practiced hard.
She even came to practice
on Sundays.
- Yes.
- She did well.
- She threw the ball.
- She threw the ball and rotated...
and did a risk degree technique by
connecting it to another rotation.
It's not easy to catch
a ball after throwing it high.
- It's not easy to just catch it.
- Yes.
She cleanly succeeded in balancing.
- Her jumps were good.
- This is also hard.
- Yes, it is.
- A lot of people miss this.
- Yes, that's right.
Her dance lines are
really beautiful.
Let's check the score.
- The results are in.
- Her record will be revealed.
It's 8.50.
She received 2.50 in difficulty
and 6.00 in execution.
Her score is 8.50.
It's not that bad.
The third competitor will enter.
Hae In from Laboum.
It's Hae In from Laboum.
Hae In's apparatus is...
the ribbon. They have
various apparatuses.
(Go, Hae In.)
Hae In has no experience...
in rhythmic gymnastics or dance.
But she's really good
at using the ribbon.
She has a good sense of rhythm
and expression.
She made something out of nothing.
- She doesn't have any experience.
- Yes.
She's going to start.
It's cheerful.
Her outfit is
very cute and adorable.
What is Hae In's concept?
As you can see,
the atmosphere is
very refreshing and cheerful.
She prepared a performance
of a girl full of charm.
She says that her concept is
a cheerful mischief.
Yes, she's also cheerful and lovely.
(She's so cute.)
She threw her ribbon.
- She threw her ribbon.
- It's in the air.
- That's too bad.
- Oh, my.
- It's not easy.
- It's not.
It is...
a ribbon longer than 5m,
and it's made out of silk.
The athlete must move constantly,
so it's hard to always make
beautiful shapes.
- Yes, she caught it.
- She caught it.
She threw it again.
- Yes, she caught it.
- That's good.
She did a good job.
- Her facial expressions are good.
- Yes.
It's hard to maintain good
expressions when she's panting.
(She's maintaining a cheerful face
not showing how hard it is.)
(AD, an apparatus difficulty)
- She caught it with her feet.
- She did well.
She practiced this
while performing as a singer.
- Considering that, it's amazing.
- Yes.
- Hae In was very busy.
She came to practice
whenever she had the time.
She practiced very hard.
I think she made
a mistake from missing her ribbon...
and it stopped
in the middle of her performance.
This is the beginning of her act.
Her start was
so cheerful and lovely.
Yes, her facial expressions were
also very good.
She is using her ribbon to make
the same shape continuously.
She's very good at using the ribbon.
She made a mistake from throwing the
ribbon and trying to receive it.
Don't they get deducted heavily
in the real games when they miss it?
- Yes, they get deducted heavily.
- Yes, in the real games.
- She threw it and kicked it.
- It's an AD.
She rolled backwards.
She grabbed it like she's fishing.
- It's like fly-fish.
- That's right.
She's pulling it thinking...
- that it's a big fish.
- It's a big fish.
- This is her last move.
- She did well.
Isn't it really hard to kick it...
- and then pull it back?
- That's right.
She can get bonus points
from this technique.
This is Hae In from Laboum,
who performed amazingly.
Let's see her score.
Please reveal her score.
- Let's see her score.
- The highest score was...
- 8.50.
- The results are in.
- It's 8.80.
- Oh, my.
She received 2.75 in difficulty
and 6.05 in execution.
Her score is 8.80.
- She's currently in first place.
- Gosh.
(2.75 difficulty, 6.05 execution,
0.00 deduction, 8.80 total)
Her members look so happy.
Laboum is happy.
Her sense of rhythm is so good.
We give points for dance steps.
- She had good facial expressions.
- Yes.
That's good.
(1st place Hae In, 2nd place Ji U,
3rd place Sally)
This means...
Let's meet the fourth competitor.
The fourth competitor is
Rachel from April.
It's Rachel from April.
- Her apparatus is the ball.
- That's right.
According to my research,
she's the strongest contender and
the biggest threat to Cheng Xiao.
- Is that right?
- Really?
- Yes, that's right.
- Why is that so?
She did ballet for seven years.
She's really flexible, and
she has really good basic skills.
She really practiced a lot.
I think she has
a strong possibility of winning.
She might do better here.
She kind of looks like a fairy.
It's very fresh.
She's like spring.
Yes, it already feels like spring.
She's a rookie who is
a threat to Cheng Xiao.
(She succeeds
the first technique perfectly.)
- Yes, she did well.
- She did well.
If you watch her, you want to
automatically move to the music.
- You want to dance to it.
- Yes.
(Rachel moves like she's connected
to the ball.)
- She did well.
- That's good.
She didn't move at all.
She's stable.
- She used the AD well.
- She did well.
(Rachel is showing perfect balance.)
Yes, she did
a very difficult balance.
- She's in good condition today.
- Yes.
Her amazing skills are
from hard practice.
She practiced hard, and she did
ballet for seven years.
That's why she
has good basic skills.
- She looks confident.
- Yes.
(You can see from her face
that she is relaxed.)
She did a good job.
(She's expressing Tinker Bell...)
(through ballet
and rhythmic gymnastics.)
- Oh, my.
- This time...
This is overwhelming.
She's doing steps.
She only has to
not make any mistakes.
(Rachel is a small fairy
that overpowers the stage.)
Her face looks relaxed.
Yes, she's doing
a difficult risk degree technique.
- She turned.
- She's catching it.
- She caught it.
Yes, she's doing
a difficult risk degree technique.
- She turned.
- She's catching it.
- She caught it.
(She did a difficult degree
technique without a mistake.)
- She makes me feel excited.
- That's good.
(She's so cute.)
What's happening?
- She didn't make any mistakes.
- She rolled the ball well.
She's very stable.
(Rachel showed a perfect performance
without making any mistakes.)
She succeeded.
- She did really well.
- That was Rachel.
- She did a good job.
Her facial expressions and acting
were like a professional athlete.
- That's right.
- Yes.
I could tell that she did
a really good job.
- Yes, she did very well.
- It's exciting.
- She looked cheerful.
- She didn't make any mistakes.
She did an AD using her feet
to roll the ball.
- It was so precise.
- People usually miss the ball.
- Isn't that right?
- Yes, that's right.
- She did a precise balance.
- She's really flexible.
She did well.
She showed
a very high-quality acting.
- She threw the ball.
- She turned twice,
caught the ball, and
connected it to another turn.
Her turn looked so easy.
Honestly, it's not easy to throw an
apparatus and turn twice.
That's right.
People tend to be stiff.
She also kissed the ball in a lovely
and adorable way.
She was so lovely.
- This was threatening.
- That's right.
Her turns, facial expressions,
and performance...
tell that she has basic skills
to some extent.
She also practiced.
She's the player
who practiced the most.
She's amazing.
It was a performance
that made you smile.
That was from Rachel. Hello.
Hello. I'm Rachel of April.
- Rachel. That's a pretty name.
- Rachel.
There's a singer named
Rachel Yamagata.
Let's see Rachel's score.
Here's her score.
The score of 8.8
was the highest so far.
(Commentator Cha showered Rachel
with praise.)
(Please)
(Will she be able to make it
to the top rank?)
She received 11.70 points!
It's an overwhelming victory.
She earned 3.85 for degree of
difficulty and 7.85 for execution.
(Degree of difficulty 3.85,
execution 7.85, total score 11.70)
She earned 3.85 for degree of
difficulty and 7.85 for execution.
The total score is 11.70.
Now, she becomes a heavy favorite.
Cheng Xiao...
is also a strong candidate for
winning. She must be nervous.
Seung Yeon of CLC.
Here's Seung Yeon of CLC.
She's holding Indian clubs.
It's an apparatus that first appears
in the championships this time.
Players see Indian clubs
as a difficult apparatus.
They also want to avoid it.
It's heavy too, right?
It's hard, and you can
get injured if you get hit with it,
so it's one of the apparatuses
players are afraid of.
You can see her as a dark horse
in this competition.
She's so beautiful.
Her hair and costume look like
that of a real athlete the most.
I agree.
- She'll show the true girl crush.
- Right.
("Cell Block Tango", an original
sound track of musical "Chicago")
Indian clubs are attractive
in that aspect.
- Right.
- It has an intensive charm.
Look at her eyes.
(She expresses a sexy Amazon
with a strong girl crush.)
Here she goes.
Her balance degree technique
was good.
- Balance degree technique.
- Yes.
(She caught it!)
- She caught it.
- She did a good job.
She caught it easily.
It's an apparatus degree technique.
She succeeded.
- She turns twice.
- She throws it high.
(Seung Yeon of CLC performs
techniques confidently.)
- It's good.
- She did it well.
- She's incredible.
- She's really a dark horse.
This is becoming a very close match
towards the end.
It's an AD degree technique that
moves her legs to get the apparatus.
It's an OST of "Chicago", and she
expresses a strong girl crush.
- It matches the music.
- It fits her well.
It's the same with her costume.
- Slowly.
- That's good.
It fits her well.
It's the same with her costume.
- Slowly.
- That's good.
(She's great.)
Here's the dance step.
(She performs a flashy dance step
combination.)
How can she turn her arms like that?
I can't believe it.
(She succeeds in apparatus degree
techniques in a row.)
- She catches a club with a club.
- You're right.
A club to a club.
She's so great.
I'm drawn into her performance.
(Her performance draws attention
from the audience as they watch it.)
The next jump is one that even
athletes find hard.
She did well.
Things will be all right
if she only doesn't make a mistake.
She should perform slowly
to the end.
(She made the audience focused
for 1 minute and 30 seconds.)
Did she miss the clubs at the end?
I should look at it closely.
To me, it seems like
she did her best and caught it.
Will it count as a successful catch?
But it's her capability
to cover her mistake.
You're right.
She has to keep moving the clubs
while doing the balance movement.
That's a technique that you throw
two clubs at the same time.
She performed it with a jump degree
technique.
It seems that she really practiced
a lot.
She throws both clubs with her foot
and catches them.
It's an apparatus degree technique.
- She turned and caught it.
That's right.
- Her facial expression is intense.
- As you see here,
she moves the clubs under her legs.
She caught a club with a club.
- Do athletes play this technique?
- Yes, apparatus degree technique.
- Apparatus degree technique.
- Right.
She throws it with her foot...
She made a mistake here,
but look at her face.
Her face is saying,
"I'm fine. I did well."
"I didn't drop it."
And she looks like an athlete.
She's great.
- Goodness.
- It suits her well.
I feel so sorry. I always feel sorry
after the performance is over,
and it's the same when the match
is over.
I did well enough
as much as I had practiced...
To be honest, I regret it.
Even though she did well,
she seems to have regrets herself.
- Right.
- I'm very curious about the score.
The players
keep turning the tables today.
Let's see the score.
Rachel of April
received 11.7 points.
- Right.
- Did Seung Yeon exceed it?
It's 11. 50. It was so close.
She got 3.90
for the degree of difficulty.
(Degree of difficulty 3.90,
execution 7.60, total score 11.50)
She earned 3.90 for degree of
of difficulty and 7.6 for execution.
The total score is 11.50.
She is ranked second now.
She dropped the club
doing the last technique.
- She dropped it.
- Right.
Yes, some points were taken by that.
- If she had caught it, who knows?
- I feel sorry about the mistake.
- Still, she did great.
- She did great.
Now,
the return of the queen at last.
Let's meet Cheng Xiao of WJSN,
The sixth player enters.
Cheng Xiao of WJSN.
Now,
the event of rhythmic gymnastics...
was chosen to be a regular event in
Idol Star Athletics Championships.
She's the one who made it possible.
The purple costume and the purple
ribbon match her so well today.
Cheng Xiao was like a girl before,
but this time, she became
a very mature woman.
Today, Cheng Xiao's concept...
is a passionate woman
who keeps challenging.
(Cheng Xiao, you can do it.)
She's standing without shaking.
Cheng Xiao is the best star that
the championships gave birth to.
(Cheng Xiao's performance will continue
in part two soon.)